docs: update security doc for hashing (#15970)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/druid-basic-security.md

##### Credential iterations and API performance

> As noted above, `credentialIterations` determines the number of iterations used to hash a password. A higher number increases security. The default setting of 10000 is intentionally high to prevent attackers from using brute force to guess passwords. We recommend that you don't lower this setting. Druid caches up to the last 1000 iterations for an hour to ensure that having a large number of iterations does not meaningfully impact query performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As noted above, the value of `credentialIterations` determines the number of iterations used to hash a password. A higher number of iterations increases security. The default value of 10,000 is intentionally high to prevent attackers from using brute force to guess passwords. We recommend that you don't lower this value. Druid caches the hash of up to 1000 passwords used in the last hour to ensure that having a large number of iterations does not meaningfully impact query performance. 
```
